DBZ-7570 docs update for use.nongraceful.disconnect config (#5525)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mysql.adoc

|`true`
|A Boolean value that specifies whether a separate thread should be used to ensure that the connection to the MySQL server/cluster is kept alive.

|[[mysql-property-use-nongraceful-disconnect]]<<mysql-property-use-nongraceful-disconnect, `+use.nongraceful.disconnect+`>>
|`false`

> |A Boolean value that specifies whether the binlog client keepalive thread should use SO_LINGER with 0 timeout when terminating a stale connection. The goal is to avoid potential deadlock in `SSLSocketImpl.close`, see https://github.com/osheroff/mysql-binlog-connector-java/issues/133 for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A Boolean value that specifies whether the binary log client's keepalive thread sets the `SO_LINGER` socket option to  `0` to immediately close stale TCP connections. 
Set the value to `true` if the connector experiences deadlocks in `SSLSocketImpl.close`.
ifdef::community[]
For more information, see https://github.com/osheroff/mysql-binlog-connector-java/issues/133 .
endif::community[]
```
